Dev (#473)
nf-core/sarek: docs/output.md

**Output directory: `results/Preprocessing/TSV`**

- `duplicates_marked_no_table.tsv`, `duplicates_marked.tsv` and `recalibrated.tsv`

>     - `TSV` files to start `Sarek` from `prepare_recalibration`, `recalibrate` or `variant_calling` steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `TSV` files to start `Sarek` from `preparerecalibration`, `recalibrate` or `variantcalling` steps.
```

Steps are renamed in the new version

Author: new version of what? The sarek.nf workflow uses variantcalling, but no longer includes the '_' handling/concatenation.

- `duplicates_marked_no_table_[SAMPLE].tsv`, `duplicates_marked_[SAMPLE].tsv` and `recalibrated_[SAMPLE].tsv`

>     - `TSV` files to start `Sarek` from `prepare_recalibration`, `recalibrate` or `variant_calling` steps for a specific sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `TSV` files to start `Sarek` from `preparerecalibration`, `recalibrate` or `variantcalling` steps for a specific sample.
```

**Output directory: `results/Preprocessing/TSV`**

- `mapped.tsv`, `mapped_no_duplicates_marked.tsv` and `recalibrated.tsv`

>     - `TSV` files to start `Sarek` from `prepare_recalibration`, `recalibrate` or `variant_calling` steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `TSV` files to start `Sarek` from `preparerecalibration`, `recalibrate` or `variantcalling` steps.
```

**Output directory: `results/Preprocessing/TSV`**

- `sentieon_deduped.tsv` and `recalibrated_sentieon.tsv`

>     - `TSV` files to start `Sarek` from `variant_calling` step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `TSV` files to start `Sarek` from `variantcalling` step.
```

- `sentieon_deduped_[SAMPLE].tsv` and `recalibrated_sentieon_[SAMPLE].tsv`

>     - `TSV` files to start `Sarek` from `variant_calling` step for a specific sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `TSV` files to start `Sarek` from `variantcalling` step for a specific sample.
```
